hey I'm Trent and I'm Nick you're
watching my geek show okay today we've
got something exciting to show you we've
got a new sensor on the strike if you
look here we've added the pedo here it
was good or Pete talked about that's got
a screen on that one this one's got it's
got the one tube actually in the middle
and get down through the center of it
and the other one is kind of encompassed
around it so this there's two in there
but just kind of concentric rings there
and then that connects right to here let
me show up this wire here to the APM
board there so Trent's going to try and
fly this thing from inside the car
okay it's an autopilot switch to return
to launch just a test GPS coordinates
and it's cruising around so it says I'm
showing our speed okay so let me take a
look at that yeah so airspeed is 44 km/h
ground speeds 30 I'll just show a
headwind and everything so they're
pretty pretty similar there yeah which
means we know that's kind of not very
windy today this is a meters and
altitude we didn't reset it so that's
from sea level we're about a hundred
meters in altitude right now you see
right
there is where you at the airspeed and
ground speed 55 and 86 yeah
you should show them on the indicators
down here you've got speed that's
showing 50 I'm gonna shoot that's ground
speed or air speed the one that's on the
display is air speed okay okay
full throttle kind of coming in a dive
at us diving down then I'm going up to
75 73
you're right oh yeah that's not too bad
definitely not going to be the 100kph
that I'd like to see but we knew that
anyway it's full throttle pretty
Louisville 73 this is so much fun
that's awesome having that HP that's
really helpful so try to try to figure
out the scholar speed
about
yeah you're flopping over there you go
whoa whoa we're in the spiral 2000 bitch
that was a wing stall
yeah I had a pretty zoomed in I think I
saw some of it wow that was a tip cell
for sure that was the tip stall for sure
and that was
do it again ready yep
and zeros wanna
pushy
Wow that's dude that is so insane oh my
gosh
although that looks pretty cool on the
indicators yeah the indicators go crazy
oh that is a huge huge rush because it's
spiraling and you're like why do you
have to turn the throttle up that's
that's intense man I'm gonna go stay on
the field I want to land right over my
head yeah
nice it looks like the airspeed
indicator is pretty accurate works
really well yeah and I helped us find
out the disgust tip stall which is
basically about 30 you need a 30 kph and
you're you're gonna lose it so which I'm
not sure up to look at research that
seems kind of higher than I thought it
would be at but it likes it tooks all a
little lower speed but it is what it is
so yeah and it was awesome to kind of
get an air speed it looks like our
maximum cruise is about 70 80 kph which
is moving pretty good
that's what 50 someone dragged all sorts
of crazy stuff it was awesome like when
I was coming in for a landing over here
I can watch my airspeed and i-news
getting close to like 30 and I'm like I
gotta get more throttle because I'm so
close to the ground that a bike tip
stone right here I'm gonna it's gonna
crash and so that is where the airspeed
was the most valuable because now
that's I need to get give it more
throttle because you can't see or hear
at the airplane it's the only rely on
your instruments so that was invaluable
I probably lost it right here when it
took really close to the trees because
those come in it was like 38 35 and I'm
like I got to get more throttle some
really glad we tested that touch the
hulls good idea in there are you guys
make sure and go to my geeks.com we've
got beginner to expert videos we're
gonna put out like 10 this weekend so
definitely go check it out new episodes
every Wednesday Saturday I will see you
then